Better emoji plugin documentation (#268)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/emoji.md

</CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

> Now, whenever you want, you can get an emoji by name like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can get emojis by names like this:
```
